Idea: Music AI is limited when its only scope for pattern finding is the subsequent notes givin a current note. They AI should be able to understand music on a larger scale

AI for analysing music:
Identify most likely key by concentration of notes and harmonies
TASK 1:
Method 1:
- Create a dictionary of notes and count the presence of notes to determine the most likely key
- Parse a section for harmonies and compare to list of known scales harmonies
Method 2: 
- Train an AI to take as input a section of music and output a scale class, that uses its harmonies and notes as error measurement,
for every note not in that key that counts as error, for every harmony not in that key this produces error.
- Do this piece by piece, start with the first measure, then include the next and next, stop when adding a measure reduces accuracy, because
likely a modulation has occured

TASK2: 
- Given a key and a section of music try and identify the harmonies

TASK3:
Given harmonies and array of notes associated with each one, try and identify motifs, can be done by comparing measures for similarity
in intervals, rythem and pitches

AI for creating Music:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lQh2QAgeIQ
in this video a dude trains an AI to predict the subsequent notes givin two notes. For my AI I had the following Ideas:
0. To generate a motif might be difficult, I would first create a contextual note. A note that has an associated harmony and scale, then train
the algorithm to produce a subsequent note
1. Givin a Motif Object with an associated harmony and melody, train the AI to generate a repitition of the motif. Expected behavior
- Assuming I have a knowledge representation of a motif, and I have taken a set of tuples containing the first and second instances of the motif
  the AI should be able to notice patterns between the transformation IE: the AI takes the motif, transposes it to a parallel key that translates 
  the idea to some related key.
2. Givin a tuple of two motifs, the AI should be able to generate the subsequent parts of a Sentance structure in a song, IE.
  it should be able to identify that the end of the sentance must be in the same key as the start tuple.
3. Givin a phrase with sentance structure an AI should be able to generate a subsequent phrase hopefully adhearing to Period structure.
4. Givin several phrases an AI should be able to arrange them in such a way that they resemble typical music structure IE Sonata form